I HAVE GRADED
YOUR BOOK REPORTS
FROM LAST FRIDAY,
AND AFTER
I PASS THEM OUT,
WE'LL DISCUSS THEM.
AH, MR. MATTHEWS.
SHALL I EXPRESS
MY USUAL DISAPPOINTMENT
OR JUST ASK YOU TO GUIDE
MY SLEIGH TONIGHT?
UH, WRONG HOLIDAY,
MR. FEENY.
SEE, HALLOWEEN'S
COMING UP,
AND I WAS JUST
TEST DRIVING MY CLOWN NOSE.
THEN I INSIST
YOU STAY
IN THE DRIVER'S
SEAT.
PUT THE NOSE
BACK ON...
FOR THE REST
OF THE MORNING.
MR. MINKUS,
EXCELLENT WORK AS USUAL.
I PARTICULARLY
ENJOYED YOUR HAIKU
ON CAPTAIN AHAB'S
OBSESSION
WITH THE GREAT
WHITE WHALE.
"THE CALM BLUE OCEAN.
"SUN LIGHTS UP
THE MONSTER'S EYE.
HE SEES ME...
WHALE FOOD."
IT WORKS
ON SO MANY LEVELS.
BROWN-NOSER.
TROGLODYTE.
MR. LEWIS,
VERY GOOD WORK.
MR. MATTHEWS, NOT ONE
OF YOUR BETTER EFFORTS.
MR. HUNTER.
HEY, THIS ISN'T FAIR.
RICK AND I BOTH GOT Cs.
HOW COME YOU TELL HIM
HE DID GOOD WORK,
AND YOU TELL ME IT WASN'T
ONE OF MY BETTER EFFORTS?
WOULD BOZO PLEASE
COME TO THE CENTER RING?
MR. LEWIS WORKED VERY HARD
TO GET HIS C,
AND I RESPECT HIM
FOR THAT.
YOU, ON THE OTHER HAND,
WASTE YOUR EFFORTS
ON BEING
THE CLASS CLOWN.
HOW COME YOU ALWAYS
PICK ON ME, MR. FEENY?
HOW COME YOU NEVER
PICK ON MINKUS?
HAVE YOU TAKEN A BLOW
TO THE HEAD, MR. MATTHEWS?
STUART MINKUS
GETS NOTHING BUT As.
IF THERE WAS A LETTER
BEFORE "A,"
HE WOULD GET THAT.
I GUESS THAT'S WHY
HE GETS AWAY WITH SO MUCH.
AND JUST WHAT DOES HE
GET AWAY WITH?
WELL, HOW COME WHEN
I MAKE PAPER AIRPLANES,
I GET DETENTION,
AND HE DOESN'T?
I WITHDRAW
THE QUESTION.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
YOU WAITED FOR ME?
AM I NOT
YOUR BEST FRIEND?
YOU HAD DETENTION, TOO,
DIDN'T YOU?
OH, YEAH.
MRS. ENGLES NAILED ME.
HOW'D YOU GET
DETENTION IN ART?
WELL, THAT'S WHAT MAKES ME
ONE OF THE GREATS.
HEY.
CHECK THIS OUT,
ANSWERS TO A TEST.
SHAWN.
WE CAN'T BE LOOKING
AT TEST ANSWERS.
THAT'S
MAJOR CHEATING,
DETENTION FOR LIFE.
NO, THESE AREN'T
FOR A REAL TEST.
THEY'RE FOR THAT STUPID
IQ EXAM WE'RE TAKING TOMORROW.
WAIT A MINUTE.
LET ME TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS.
WOW.
THE PERSON WHO
KNOWS THESE ANSWERS
GETS
A PERFECT SCORE.
ON A TEST THAT DOESN'T
EVEN COUNT FOR A GRADE.
WHY BOTHER?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
THIS IS MY ONE TICKET
TO GET FEENY OFF MY BACK.
IF FEENY THINKS
I'M A GENIUS,
HE'LL TREAT ME JUST AS
GOOD AS HE TREATS MINKUS.
HEY, CORY,
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR.
CRUMPLE THE PAPER UP,
THROW IT AWAY IN THE TRASH.
DON'T COMPLICATE
YOUR LIFE.
YOU KNOW, THAT MAKES
A LOT OF SENSE,
AND IF I WAS
A SMARTER PERSON,
I'D PROBABLY LISTEN
TO YOU,
EXCEPT I'M NOT
A SMARTER PERSON,
BUT TOMORROW, I'M GOING
TO BE A GENIUS.
I HAVE IN MY HANDS
THE RESULTS
OF TUESDAY'S
IQ TEST,
AND ONE PERSON HERE
DESERVES SPECIAL MENTION.
THIS PERSON ACHIEVED
NOT ONLY THE HIGHEST
SCORE IN THE CLASS,
SCORE IN THE SCHOOL,
BUT A SCORE SO HIGH
AS TO GIVE RISE
TO THE QUESTION,
"IS THERE, IN FACT,
A CEILING ON
HUMAN INTELLIGENCE?"
PLEASE, MR. FEENY,
YOU'RE EMBARRASSING ME.
MR. MINKUS,
YOU CAME IN SECOND.
SECOND?
MM-HM.
AS IN THE CONTEXT
OF NOT FIRST?
SOMEONE SCORED HIGHER
THAN I DID ON THE IQ TEST?
BLEW YOU OUT
OF THE ACADEMIC WATER.
SOMEONE SITTING
IN THIS VERY CLASSROOM
IS A JUNIOR KIERKEGAARD.
A WHAT?
A GREAT MIND,
MR. MATTHEWS,
JUST LIKE YOURS.
I HAVE CLEARLY
UNDERRATED YOU,
AND I BOW
TO YOUR GENIUS.
COME ON.
BRAVO.
IT'S NO BIG THING,
MR. FEENY.
ON THE CONTRARY,
MR. MATTHEWS,
IT IS A BIG THING.
IT IS
A VERY BIG THING.
UH-OH.
WE'LL BUY
YOUR HALLOWEEN COSTUME
TOMORROW, OK?
SHELLY FIGUS' MOM
IS BUYING SHELLY FIGUS
HER COSTUME TODAY.
WELL, SHELLY FIGUS
MUST HAVE A BETTER MOM
THAN YOU DO.
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE
TO TRY A LITTLE HARDER.
HI, MOM.
HI, WEASEL.
ERIC, CAN YOU STAY
WITH MORGAN FOR AN HOUR
WHILE I SHOW A HOUSE?
SURE. YOU WANT TO LEARN
HOW TO BE A BIG GIRL?
YEAH.
BECAUSE BIG GIRLS KNOW
HOW TO TAKE OUT THE GARBAGE
SO THEIR BROTHERS
DON'T HAVE TO.
REALLY? YOU'D TEACH ME
HOW TO TAKE OUT THE GARBAGE?
YEP.
WHAT AM I, AN IDIOT?
I WANT
MY HALLOWEEN COSTUME.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL, MOM.
I'LL HELP HER PICK ONE OUT.
OH, WOULD YOU?
YEAH. IF YOU COULD JUST
DROP US OFF AT THE STORE,
I'LL HAVE DAD PICK US UP
ON HIS WAY HOME FROM WORK.
IS THAT OK
WITH YOU?
I LOVE ERIC.
READY?
HOP ON, WEEZ.
OH, HI.
CAN'T TALK, MOM,
LOT OF HOMEWORK. GOT TO GO.
YEAH.
WHAT HE SAID.
SOMETHING TERRIBLE?
OH, YEAH.
ABSOLUTELY.
FEENY KNOWS.
SOMEHOW HE KNOWS,
AND HE'S GOING
TO GET ME.
YOU'RE WRONG.
YOU THINK
HE'S JUST SENDING
A THANK-YOU NOTE
TO MY PARENTS?
"THANK YOU FOR
BRINGING UP YOUR SON.
"HE'S A GENIUS.
HE'S SMARTER THAN
CAPTAIN KIRKAGUARD."
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THAT'S A SEALED ENVELOPE
ADDRESSED TO MY PARENTS.
NOW THEY'RE GOING
TO KNOW I OPENED IT.
COREY, DO YOUR PARENTS
EVER WRITE LETTERS TO ANYONE?
YEAH.
AND WHEN THEY DO, WHAT
DO THEY PUT THE LETTERS IN?
ENVELOPES.
JUST LIKE THIS ONE.
SO WE COULD READ
THE NOTE.
AND SEAL IT BACK UP IN
A NEW WHITE ENVELOPE.
HA! I LOVE
HOW WE THINK.
WHAT'S IT SAY?
UH-OH.
HE'S BRINGING
IN THE S.E.A.
WHAT?
THE STATE EDUCATION
AUTHORITY.
THEY HAVE
SPECIAL FIELD AGENTS
WHO HANDLE
INTELLIGENCE FRAUD.
I'M COOKED!
I'M COOKED, SEAN!
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN MY LIFE,
I'M IN REAL TROUBLE.
NOT IF I'M
MAKING ALL THIS UP.
ARE YOU?
NO.
I'M COOKED!
RELAX. OF COURSE
I'M MAKING IT UP.
HE JUST WANTS TO TALK
TO YOUR PARENTS.
WHAT IF HE TELLS THEM HE
DOESN'T THINK I'M A GENIUS?
WHO CARES IF FEENY DOESN'T
THINK YOU'RE BRILLIANT?
AS LONG AS
THE TEST SAYS SO.
BUT I'M NOT, AND
MY PARENTS KNOW I'M NOT.
THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO
MAKE THEM THINK YOU ARE.
HOW DO I DO THAT?
GET WITH THE PROGRAM,
CORY.
IT'S HALLOWEEN,
AND THIS YEAR YOU'RE
GOING AS A GENIUS.
[CAR ARRIVES]
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS]
[APPLAUSE]
WELL, CORY MATTHEWS,
IS THAT CLASSICAL MUSIC
YOU'RE LISTENING TO?
OH, THAT WAS
JUST A COMMERCIAL
DURING
THE BASEBALL GAME.
OH, SELLING CELLOS,
WERE THEY?
YEAH, I GUESS SO.
COME ON, MAESTRO, WE SAW YOU
CONDUCTING THAT SYMPHONY
WITH YOUR PHILLIES FINGER.
IT WASN'T
A SYMPHONY, DAD.
IT WAS JUST BEETHOVEN'S
PIANO CONCERTO IN "E" FLAT.
CORY, WE JUST CAME FROM
SCHOOL, TALKING TO MR. FEENY.
WE KNOW ABOUT
THE IQ TEST.
YOU DO?
WE DO.
SO, WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
WELL, WE KNOW THAT
YOU SCORED VERY HIGH.
THE HIGHEST IN THE HISTORY
OF THE SCHOOL DISTRICT.
I DON'T WANT TO BE
TREATED ANY DIFFERENTLY.
I WOULDN'T THINK OF IT.
CORY, YOUR FATHER AND I
ARE HAVING A LITTLE TROUBLE
UNDERSTANDING WHY YOUR IQ
TEST SCORES WERE WAY UP HERE,
AND YOUR REPORT CARDS
ARE, WELL, DOWN HERE.
YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN
GIVING THAT
SOME THOUGHT,
TOO, MOM.
I'VE DECIDED THAT
WHAT YOU'RE SEEING
IS THE FLAW IN OUR
PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM.
YEAH, I'M SEEING
THE FLAW.
BECAUSE
THE WAY I SEE IT,
I DIDN'T
FAIL THE SYSTEM,
THE SYSTEM FAILED ME.
THAT'S THE WAY
YOU SEE IT?
WHAT OTHER EXPLANATION
COULD THERE BE, DAD?
MOMMY!
UP HERE, ANGEL FACE.
I DON'T KNOW, COR,
IT JUST SEEMS THAT AFTER
15 YEARS OF BEING A MOTHER,
I'D LIKE TO THINK
I KNOW MY OWN CHILDREN.
I'M A ZOMBIE.
IS MY LITTLE SISTER
HIDEOUS OR WHAT?
ERIC...
VERY GRUESOME.
BLACKOUT TEETH?
OOH. THAT'S
MY LITTLE GIRL.
THERE WERE NO
CINDERELLA COSTUMES?
HUNDREDS OF THEM.
AND YOU HAD TO CHOOSE
AXE IN THE HEAD HERE?
IT WAS
THE LAST ONE.
OOH, NICE HANGING EYEBALL.
I WANTED MORGAN
TO CHOOSE
HER OWN COSTUME.
SHE DID CHOOSE IT, MOM.
SHE WANTED TO BE A ZOMBIE.
ERIC, 24 HOURS AGO, SHE DIDN'T
KNOW WHAT A ZOMBIE WAS.
THE UNDEAD ARE COOL.
SHAWN, THIS WHOLE THING
IS GETTING OUT OF HAND.
RELAX. EVERYBODY THINKS
YOU'RE BRILLIANT.
YOU SHOULD ENJOY IT.
WHEN IT WAS JUST FEENY,
I COULD ENJOY IT.
BUT NOW MY PARENTS
ARE INVOLVED,
AND I DON'T LIKE
LYING TO THEM.
YOU DON'T?
NO.
'CAUSE IT GIVES ME
A LITTLE RUSH.
BESIDES, YOU DIDN'T TELL THEM
YOU WERE A GENIUS,
FEENY DID.
AND I DIDN'T TELL FEENY
I'M A GENIUS.
THE TEST DID. AND YOU DIDN'T
ASK TO TAKE THE TEST.
THEY GAVE IT TO ME.
AND YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
EVEN SEEN THE ANSWERS...
IF THEY DIDN'T
GIVE US...
DETENTION.
WE'RE INNOCENT
VICTIMS.
NOTHING WE DO
IS ACTUALLY OUR FAULT.
IT'S GOOD TO BE KIDS.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT?
IF YOU'RE SMARTER
THAN I AM,
HOW COME YOU'RE
ALWAYS TRYING
TO COPY
FROM MY PAPER?
UH...
HE'S NOT COPYING,
MINKUS.
HE'S JUST GLANCING
OVER TO ADMIRE
THE WORK
OF A FELLOW GENIUS.
YOU ARE?
HE IS.
I AM.
OH, WELL,
THAT'S OK.
IN FACT,
FROM NOW ON,
I'LL KIND OF TIP
MY TEST PAPERS UP
SO YOU CAN ADMIRE
THE ANSWERS EVEN EASIER.
WOULD YOU DO THAT?
NO.
GENIUS ENVY.
[BELL RINGS]
CLASS,
THIS IS MISS CHIN.
SHE'LL BE WITH YOU
FOR THE FIRST HALF-HOUR
WHILE I HAVE A WORD
WITH MR. MATTHEWS.
TELL MY MOM
I WENT OUT LIKE A MAN.
MR. MATTHEWS,
I BROUGHT YOU DOWN HERE
IN CASE
THERE WAS ANYTHING
YOU CARED TO SAY TO ME.
UH, ABOUT WHAT,
MR. FEENY?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
SPORTS, THE WEATHER...
THE INEVITABLE
RAMIFICATIONS OF DECEPTION.
I CHOOSE SPORTS.
TOO BAD.
HOW COME?
YOUR NEW SCHOOL
DOESN'T HAVE ANY.
YOU KNOW,
FOR A MINUTE THERE,
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
NEW SCHOOL. HA HA HA!
I DID.
ONE THAT OFFERS
AN ENTIRE CURRICULUM
GEARED TOWARD STUDENTS
LIKE YOURSELF.
NO MINDLESS DISTRACTIONS
SUCH AS BASEBALL,
FOOTBALL, BASKETBALL.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT DO THEY DO FOR FUN?
THEY STUDY.
WHAT DO THEY DO
FOR EXERCISE?
THEY STUDY
TILL THEY SWEAT.
NO SPORTS TEAMS
AT ALL?
WELL, THEY HAVE A HIGHLY
SPIRITED CHESS TEAM.
CHESS?
YOU KNOW, MR. FEENY,
I'M THINKING,
AS FUN
AS THAT SOUNDS,
I FEEL LIKE THE SMART
KIDS AT THAT SCHOOL
DON'T REALLY NEED ME.
YOU AND MY FRIENDS
HERE NEED ME.
OH, BUT WE'D BE
HOLDING YOU BACK.
NO. YOU WOULDN'T.
UM, I COULD HELP YOU
TEACH A CLASS.
YOU AND I,
WE'D BE LIKE A TEAM.
2 MEN WITH I.Q.s
WORKING TOGETHER
FOR THE GOOD OF ALL
THESE DESERVING KIDS.
NO, I THINK WE'LL JUST
HAVE TO MUDDLE THROUGH
WITHOUT YOU.
THE SCHOOL DISTRICT
IS COMMITTED
TO GIVING GIFTED CHILDREN
EVERYTHING THEY DESERVE,
AND I THINK YOU DESERVE
EVERYTHING
YOU'RE GOING TO GET.
I DON'T REALLY THINK
I DESERVE ANYTHING.
OH, BUT ACCORDING
TO THE TEST, YOU DO.
MR. FEENY, I'M
SMART ENOUGH TO KNOW
YOU DON'T REALLY THINK
I'M A GENIUS.
MR. MATTHEWS, IT NO LONGER
MATTERS WHAT I THINK.
WHAT MATTERS IS YOU'RE
NO LONGER IN MY CLASS.
DON'T YOU LOVE
HALLOWEEN?
NO ONE IS WHAT
THEY SEEM TO BE.
OK, I'M HERE. WHAT'S
THE BIG EMERGENCY?
HEY! WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO DO, KILL ME?
KILL YOU? I'LL TELL YOU
ABOUT KILLED.
HOW ABOUT
WHAT YOU DID TO ME?
WHAT'D I DO?
WHERE ARE YOU SPENDING
YOUR NEXT RECESS?
PLAYGROUND, SHOOTING HOOPS,
PLAYING BALL?
SO?
SO LET ME TELL YOU
WHAT I'M DOING.
I'M SEARCHING
FOR BOBBY FISCHER!
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
GENIUSES GO
TO A SPECIAL SCHOOL.
DID YOU KNOW THAT?
YOU KILLED ME.
I'M GOING TO BE IN A CLASS
FULL OF MINKUSES.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT AM I TALKING ABOUT?
THESE KIDS MAKE MINKUS
LOOK LIKE FABIO.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THEY'RE PUTTING YOU
IN ANOTHER SCHOOL?
YES. THE LADY IS GOING
TO BE HERE IN A HALF AN HOUR,
AND THEY'RE GOING TO GIVE ME
ANOTHER GENIUS TEST,
AND THEN THEY'RE GOING
TO TAKE ME AWAY.
SO I JUST CALLED YOU UP
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
OR AS GENIUSES SAY,
GOOD-BYE IN LATIN.
HEY, IDIOT.
WHAT?
ARE YOU A GENIUS?
NO.
DO YOU HAVE THE ANSWERS
TO THIS TEST?
NO.
YOU KIND OF SEE WHERE
I'M GOING WITH THIS?
YOU WANT ME
TO THROW THE TEST?
OH, NO, NO. I WANT YOU
TO TAKE THE TEST
TO THE BEST
OF YOUR ABILITY.
AND NO GUESSING.
I WOULDN'T WANT YOU
TO STUMBLE
ONTO A RIGHT ANSWER.
SO, MRS. MATTHEWS,
YOU'RE A HOUSEWIFE?
UH, AMY'S A HOMEMAKER.
SHE WRANGLES 3 KIDS,
RUNS THIS HOUSE,
AND STILL MANAGES
TO SELL REAL ESTATE
QUITE SUCCESSFULLY.
AND I UNDERSTAND
YOU WORK
IN A GROCERY STORE.
WELL, ALAN IS THE MANAGER
OF THE LARGEST SUPERMARKET
IN THIS WHOLE AREA.
AH. TRADESMEN
ARE SO IMPORTANT
AND YET
SO LITTLE RESPECTED.
MOMMY?
CAN I HAVE COOKIES?
NO, HONEY. IT'S
TOO CLOSE TO DINNER.
YOU REALIZE, DON'T YOU,
THAT HER CLOTHES
DON'T MATCH?
WE LET HER PICK OUT
HER OWN CLOTHES.
WE FEEL IT ENCOURAGES
MORGAN'S CREATIVITY.
INDEED. WELL,
IF YOURS ARE THE GENES
THAT HAVE PRODUCED
OUR DARLING CORY,
THEN PERHAPS
YOU'VE DONE IT AGAIN
WITH YOUNG MORGAN HERE.
SHALL WE TRY
A WORD-ASSOCIATION PROBLEM?
OK.
MAPLE IS TO ELM
AS DAISY IS TO...
BOOGER?
YOU MAY GO.
CHANGE YOUR CLOTHES.
GENETICS
IS SO...
HIT OR MISS.
ALL DONE.
WHY, CORY, MOST
STUDENTS NEED
AT LEAST A FULL HOUR
FOR THIS TEST.
I'LL JUST GET OUT
THE ANSWER TEMPLATE.
AND THAT SHOULD CONFIRM...
WHAT WE ALREADY KNOW.
HMM...
WELL, CORY,
IF I'M TO BELIEVE
THE RESULTS
OF THIS TEST,
THEN YOUR I.Q.
WOULD BE
ABOUT THAT OF
AN AVERAGE SIXTH GRADER.
YUP, THAT'S ME.
THE LIGHTS ARE ON,
BUT NOBODY'S HOME.
DID YOU REALLY THINK YOU'D
GET AWAY WITH IT, CORY?
NO, I GUESS I KNEW I'D BE
CAUGHT FROM THE BEGINNING.
I GUESS
WE KNEW THAT, TOO.
CORY CHEATED.
I'M NOT A GENIUS.
YOU'D LIKE US
TO BELIEVE THAT
WOULDN'T YOU, CORY?
HUH?
YOUR SON IS MANIFESTING
TYPICAL BEHAVIOR
FOR A YOUNG GENIUS.
BUT I'M NOT SMART.
LOOK AT YOUR ANSWER SHEET.
IT SAYS I'M A MORON.
I KNOW IT DOES.
HE DOESN'T WANT
TO LEAVE HIS OLD SCHOOL
AND ALL HIS FRIENDS.
THAT IS WHY YOU CHEATED
ON THIS TEST,
ISN'T IT, CORY?
YES. WELL, NO, BUT--
LOOK, WHEN I SAID
I CHEATED,
I DIDN'T MEAN THIS TEST.
I MEANT THE FIRST TEST,
THE ONE FEENY GAVE US
THAT SAID I WAS A GENIUS.
CORY...
NO. PLEASE. DON'T TALK.
EVERY TIME YOU TALK,
YOU MAKE ME SOUND SMART.
LOOK, MOM, DAD...
I FOUND THE ANSWERS
TO FEENY'S TEST
AND MEMORIZED THEM.
I'M NOT A GENIUS.
WE KIND OF FIGURED THAT.
YOU DID?
YEAH, BUT WE'RE GLAD
YOU FINALLY DECIDED
TO COME CLEAN.
YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
BUT THERE ARE ACTUAL
PRODIGIES OUT THERE
WHO DESERVE MY ATTENTION
AND RESPECT.
I CAN'T WASTE MY TIME
WITH NORMAL PEOPLE
LIKE YOU.
WELL, YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
BUT NORMAL PEOPLE LIKE US
HAVE RAISED OUR CHILDREN
TO BE NORMAL KIDS.
I'M SORRY
IF THEY DON'T FIT
SOME ARBITRARY INTELLECTUAL
STANDARD OF YOURS.
BUT WE'RE NOT SORRY
THAT THEY'RE
WELL BROUGHT UP
AND COMPLETELY
NORMAL.
AAH!
IS THIS BETTER?
SHE'S A ZOMBIE. YOU GOT
A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
YOU MUST BE SO PROUD.
HMM. YOU GUYS KNEW
I WASN'T A GENIUS
ALL ALONG,
DIDN'T YOU?
YEAH, I GUESS WE DID.
HOW COME YOU WENT
ALONG WITH ME?
WELL, CORY, WE WOULD NEVER
ACCUSE YOU OF CHEATING.
WE HAD NO PROOF
THAT YOU DID.
WE JUST HOPED
YOU WERE SMART ENOUGH
TO TELL US THE TRUTH
EVENTUALLY.
I WASN'T EVEN SMART
ENOUGH TO DO THAT
UNTIL I WAS BACKED
INTO A CORNER.
I GUESS I BLEW IT, HUH?
YEP.
GROUNDED?
YEP. 2 WEEKS.
I'LL BE
IN MY ROOM.
YES, YOU WILL BE, STARTING
THE DAY AFTER HALLOWEEN.
YOU MEAN I CAN STILL
HAVE HALLOWEEN?
AS LONG AS YOU DON'T GO
DISGUISED
AS A BOY
WHO CHEATS ON TESTS.
I WON'T.
THAT COSTUME WAS
TOTALLY WRONG FOR ME.
CORY, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO EVER TRY
TO BE SOMETHING
YOU'RE NOT.
SO FROM NOW ON,
I'LL JUST WEAR
MY NORMAL-KID OUTFIT.
IT ALWAYS LOOKED GOOD
ON YOU.
[BELL RINGS]
PLEASE READ
CHAPTER 7
AND BE READY TO
DISCUSS IT TOMORROW.
BOZO RESIGNS.
I'M TURNING IN MY NOSE.
I FIGURE AS LONG AS
I'M GOING TO GIVE UP
BEING THE CLASS GENIUS,
I'LL GIVE UP BEING
THE CLASS CLOWN, TOO.
FAIR TRADE.
WELCOME BACK TO CLASS,
MR. MATTHEWS.
I GUESS I THOUGHT
A GUY HAD TO BE A GENIUS
TO EARN YOUR RESPECT.
ALL MY STUDENTS HAVE
TO DO TO EARN MY RESPECT
IS TRY THEIR HARDEST.
I GUESS THAT'S WHY
YOU DIDN'T BUST RICK LEWIS
FOR FAILING
THIS WEEK'S MATH QUIZ.
THAT'S RIGHT. HE DID
THE BEST HE COULD.
HE JUST DIDN'T
UNDERSTAND THE MATERIAL.
I CONSIDER
THE FAILURE MINE,
AND I WILL
TRY MY HARDEST
TO MAKE SURE
MR. LEWIS UNDERSTANDS
THE NEXT ASSIGNMENT.
WELL, I THINK THAT'S REALLY
COOL OF YOU, MR. FEENY.
I'M COOL.
GOD HELP ME.
[DOORBELL CHIMES]
MY TURN, MY TURN!
TRICK OR TREAT!
ONE FOR YOU,
TWO FOR ME.
HEY, LOOK.
THERE'S THE GUY THAT'S
HANDING OUT THE RULERS.
YOU'RE TOO BIG
TO TRICK OR TREAT.
YES, WELL, APPARENTLY MY TREATS
AREN'T GOING OVER SO WELL.
UH, WOULD YOU ASK
ONE OF YOUR PARENTS
IF I COULD BORROW
SOME CANDY?
MOM!
DAD!
TRICK OR TREAT!
THE CANDY'S
ON ITS WAY.
HEY, AREN'T YOU THAT
FEENY GUY FROM SCHOOL?
I'M MR. FEENY, YES.
MY BROTHER'S FRIEND
CORY MATTHEWS
SAID I'M GOING TO HAVE YOU
FOR A TEACHER NEXT YEAR.
HE SAID YOU'RE THE BEST
TEACHER IN THE WHOLE SCHOOL.
OH, PLEASE,
MR. MATTHEWS.
I WASN'T
BORN YESTERDA--
I'M TERRIBLY SORRY.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN.
HERE, HAVE A RULER.
HAVE ALL THE RULERS.
GEORGE.
YES?
THERE'S PLENTY OF CANDY
HERE IN THE KITCHEN.
THANK YOU.
AND THEY SAY
I'M NOT A GENIUS.